[15.0][IMP] product_cost_security: Add a security group to modify the cost price. (#1186)
OCA/product-attribute: product_cost_security/README.rst

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> Adds two security groups, one for view product cost price and other for editing it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It adds two security groups, one for viewing the product cost price, and the other for editing it.
```
